BUG: use fill_null fallback for bug in pyarrow 21 on Windows (fixes join, fillna, duplicated, etc with pyarrow-backed arrays) (#64081)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.1.rst

- Fixed a bug in the :func:`comparison_op` raising a ``TypeError`` for zerodim
  subclasses of ``np.ndarray`` (:issue:`63205`)
- Added additional typing aliases in :py:mod:`pandas.api.typing.aliases` (:issue:`64098`)

> - Fixed bug in :func:`merge` where NaN values in Arrow string dtype join keys were incorrectly matched with non-NaN values (:issue:`64060`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in :func:`merge` where NaN values in pyarrow-backed string dtype join keys were incorrectly matched with non-NaN values on Windows with pyarrow 21 (:issue:`64060`)
```
